# Amazon Kisan Privacy Notice #

Disclaimer: In the event of any discrepancy or conflict, the English version will prevail over the translation.

Last updated 10 January 2023

We know that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust that we will do so carefully and sensibly. This Privacy Notice describes how Amazon Retail India Private Limited and its affiliates including Amazon.com, Inc. (collectively "Amazon Kisan") collect and process your personal information through our mobile application, products, services, online marketplace and applications that reference this Privacy Notice in connection with products or services provided by Amazon Kisan (together "Amazon Kisan Services"). By using Amazon Kisan Services you agree to our use of your personal information (including sensitive personal information) in accordance with this Privacy Notice, as may be amended from time to time by us at our discretion. You also agree and consent to us collecting, storing, processing, transferring, and sharing your personal information (including sensitive personal information) with third parties or service providers for the purposes set out in this Privacy Notice. Personal information subject to this Privacy Notice will be collected and retained by Amazon Kisan, with a registered office at 8th floor, Brigade Gateway 26/1 Dr. Rajkumar Road Bangalore Karnataka 560055 India.

What Personal Information About Customers Does Amazon Kisan Collect? We collect your personal information in order to provide and continually improve our products and services.

Here are the types of personal information we collect:

Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you provide in relation to Amazon Kisan Services. Click here to see examples of what we collect. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our Amazon Kisan Services.

Automatic Information: We automatically collect and store certain types of information about your use of Amazon Kisan Services, including information about your interaction with content and services available through Amazon Kisan Services. Like many websites, we use cookies and other unique identifiers, and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser or device accesses Amazon Services and other content served by or on behalf of Amazon on other websites. Click here to see examples of what we collect.

Information from Other Sources: We might receive information about you from other sources, such as updated address information, etc. from our affiliates, which we use to correct our records Click here to see additional examples of the information we receive.

For What Purposes Does Amazon Kisan Use Your Personal Information? We use your personal information to operate, provide, develop, and improve the Amazon Kisan Services and other products and services that we offer. These purposes include:

* Purchase and delivery of products and services. We use your personal information to provide Amazon Kisan Services including the agronomy advice, guidance, support, reactive solutions and other services you receive, process payments, and communicate with you about services, and promotional offers.
* Provide, troubleshoot, and improve Amazon Services. We use your personal information to provide functionality, analyze performance, fix errors, and improve the usability and effectiveness of the Amazon Kisan Services.
* Recommendations and personalization. We use your personal information to recommend features, products, and services that might be of interest to you, identify your preferences, and personalize your experience with Amazon Kisan Services.
* Provide voice, image and camera services. When you use our voice, image and camera services, we use your voice input, images, videos, and other personal information to respond to your requests, provide the requested service to you, and improve our services.
* Comply with legal obligations. In certain cases, we collect and use your personal information to comply with laws. Communicate with you. We use your personal information to communicate with you in relation to Amazon Kisan Services via different channels (e.g., by phone, e-mail, chat).
* Fraud Prevention and Credit Risks. We use personal information to prevent and detect fraud and abuse in order to protect the security of our customers, Amazon Kisan, and others. We may also use scoring methods to assess and manage credit risks.

What About Cookies and Other Identifiers?

To enable our systems to recognize your browser or device and to provide and improve Amazon Services, we use cookies and other identifiers. For more information about cookies and how we use them, please read our Cookies Notice.

Does Amazon Kisan Share Your Personal Information?

Information about our customers is an important part of our business and we are not in the business of selling our customers’ personal information to others. We share customers’ personal information only as described below and with Amazon.com, Inc. and subsidiaries that Amazon.com, Inc. controls that either are subject to this Privacy Notice or follow practices at least as protective as those described in this Privacy Notice.

* Transactions involving Third Parties: We make available to you services, products, applications, or skills provided by third parties for use on or through Amazon Kisan Services. For example, we may disclose personal information about you to agronomists and knowledge partners who are involved in providing you Amazon Kisan Services, these include providing details to our weather forecast partners, agronomist partners and other third party services who may assist us in providing you timely notifications.
* Third-Party Service Providers: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include providing agronomy advice, providing reactive solutions and making field visits. fulfilling orders for services, sending e-mails analyzing data, processing payments, transmitting content, and providing customer service. These third-party service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes. Further, they must process the personal information in accordance with applicable law.
* Business Transfers: As we continue to develop our business, we might sell or buy other businesses or services. In such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing Privacy Notice (unless, of course, the customer consents otherwise). Also, in the unlikely event that Amazon.com, Inc. or Amazon Retail India Private Limited or any of its affiliates, or substantially all of their assets are acquired, customer information will of course be one of the transferred assets.
* Protection of Amazon Kisan and Others: We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law; enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of Amazon Kisan, our users, or others. Other than as set out above, you will receive notice when personal information about you might be shared with third parties, and you will have an opportunity to choose not to share the information.

How Secure Is Information About Me? 

* We design our systems with your security and privacy in mind.
* We work to protect the security of your personal information during transmission by using encryption protocols and software.
* We follow the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS) when handling payment card data.
* We maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage, processing, and disclosure of personal customer information. Our security procedures mean that we may occasionally request proof of identity before we disclose personal information to you.
* It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your devices and applications. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared device. Click here for more information on how to sign off.

What Information Can I Access? 

You can access your information, including your name, address, payment options, profile information, in the "Your Account" section of the website or mobile application. Click here for a list of examples that you can access. To request access to personal information that is not available through Your Account you can submit a request here.

What Choices Do I Have? If you have any questions as to how we collect and use your personal information, please contact our Grievance Officer. Our Amazon Kisan Services also include settings that provide you with options as to how your information is being used.

* As described above, you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of the Amazon Kisan Services.
* You can add or update certain information on pages such as those referenced in What Information Can I Access?. When you update information, we usually keep a copy of the prior version for our records.
* If you do not want to receive e-mail or other communications from us, please opt out of this communication via the opt out link provided in the communication. If you don’t want to receive push-app notifications from us, please adjust your notification settings in the app or device.
* You will also be able to opt out of certain other types of data usage by updating your settings on the applicable Amazon application (e.g., in "Manage Your Content and Devices"). For more information click here. Most non-Amazon devices also provide users with the ability to change device permissions (e.g., disable/access location services, contacts). For most devices, these controls are located in the device's settings menu. If you have questions about how to change your device permissions on devices manufactured by third parties, we recommend you contact your mobile service carrier or your device manufacturer.

Are Children Allowed to Use Amazon Kisan Services? Amazon Kisan does not sell services for purchase by children. If you are under the age of 18 years, you may use Amazon Kisan Services only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.

Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions If you choose to use Amazon Kisan Services, your use and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of the prevailing law in India. If you have any concern about privacy at Amazon, please contact us with a thorough description, and we will try to resolve it. Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. You should check our websites frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.

Examples of Information Collected Information You Give Us When You Use Amazon Services You provide information to us when you: search or shop for services; add or remove an item from your cart, or place an order through or use Amazon Services; provide information in Your Account or Your Profile; talk to or otherwise interact with our Alexa Voice service; configure your settings on, provide data access permissions for, or interact with an Amazon device or service; communicate with us by phone, e-mail, or otherwise; complete a questionnaire, a support ticket, or a contest entry form; • upload or stream images, videos or audio or other files while using Amazon Services; participate in Discussion Boards or other community features; or provide and rate Reviews.

As a result of those actions, you might supply us with such information as: identifying information such as your name, address and phone numbers; payment information; your age; your location information; your IP address; people, addresses and phone numbers listed in your Addresses; e-mail addresses of your friends and other people; content of reviews and e-mails to us; the personal description and photograph in Your Profile; voice recordings when you speak to Alexa; and images, audio, videos and other content collected or stored in connection with Amazon Services and mobile application usage data.

Automatic Information Examples of the information we collect and analyze include: • the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet; • login, e-mail address, and password; • the location of your device or computer; • content interaction information, such as content downloads, streams, and playback details, including duration and number of simultaneous streams and downloads, and network details for streaming and download quality, including information about your internet service provider; • device metrics such as when a device is in use, application usage, connectivity data, and any errors or event failures; • Amazon Services metrics (e.g., the occurrences of technical errors, your interactions with service features and content, your settings preferences and backup information, location of your device running an application, information about uploaded images and files such as the file name, dates, times and location of your images); • version and time zone settings; • purchase and content use history; • phone numbers used to call our customer service number; and • images, audio or videos when you avail of Amazon Services. We may also use device identifiers and other technologies on our application usage, or other technical information.

Information from Other Sources Examples of information we receive from other sources include: • information about your interactions with products and services offered by our third party service providers; • search results and links, including paid listings (such as Sponsored Links); • information about internet-connected devices

Information You Can Access Examples of information you can access through Amazon Services include: • status of recent orders (including subscriptions); • your complete order history; • personally identifiable information (including name, e-mail, password, and address book); • payment settings (including payment method information, promotional certificate, and gift card balances and 1-Click settings); • e-mail notification settings;
• your content, devices, services, and related settings, and communications and personalized advertising preferences; • content that you recently viewed; • voice recordings associated with your account; and • Your Profile (including your product Reviews, Recommendations, Reminders and personal profile)

Grievance Officer Please find below the details of the grievance officer: Name: Atharva Kanakdande Designation: Grievance officer e-mail PDF: kisangrievanceofficer@amazon.in Address: Amazon Retail India Private Limited , Nos. 1401 to 1421, 14th Floor Block - E, International Trade Tower, Nehru Place New Delhi, Delhi 110019

The Grievance Officer is identified above pursuant to the provisions of applicable laws including but not limited to the Information Technology Act, 2000 and the Consumer Protection Act, 2019, and the Rules enacted under those laws
